feat: First draft of a GOVERNANCE.md file (#11)
openfga/.github: GOVERNANCE.md

## Overview

This document outlines a set of policies in order to provide a level playing field and open process for contributors to join the OpenFGA project.

> Governance activities are currently performed manually. In the future we might use [terraform](https://www.terraform.io/) or similar technology to automate tasks, but we're currently a small team and iterating quickly - for now it makes sense to do things in a way that doesn't scale.

Reviewer: How can terraform be used to automate governance activities? Isn't it more for automating deployment?

Author: It's just one method, there are many. With Terraform, you can pave/repave github repos, including teams and the associated permissions (name, labels / tags, members, teams, readme details, licensing, CI settings, visibility, and more can all be automated). 

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6372810/207607050-dc47ec10-6317-4f24-b99e-81cfbde204ce.png)
You use one repo (in this diagram it's labelled 'repository manager', in our case it would more likely be called 'governance' or something similar) with configuration as code documented in a `.tfplan` file. This acts sort of like the model in OpenFGA: defining which repos have what settings, and which teams have what permissions for each repo, and so on. Then you use .yml files or something similar in the repo as your 'state' data. When someone makes a change (eg, adding themselves as a member of the `XYZ-team` with a PR that a `core` team member merges) then Terraform interprets the .yml and .tfplan and updates repos, teams, etc.

- clarify OpenFGA's design principles over time
- collaborate with @core to develop a roadmap that fits OpenFGA's design principles
- collaborate with @core and @contributors on user research
- iterate on the product experience

#### Contributors

The @contributors team exists to keep track of and grant certain priveliges to anyone who contributes to the product.

### Joining a team

Anyone can become a member of @contributors team: reach out to anyone on the @core or @product teams via any of the channels in the [Support](#support) section with a request to join and they will make the change.

From there, being promoted to being a member of the @core or @product teams when they have a will to be more involved in any of those teams' responsibilities, and have made significant enough contributions to the product that they can get a majority vote from those teams. For more info, see the [Governance-Related Policies and Procedures](#governance-related-policies-and-procedures) section.

### Leaving a team

Should you wish to leave a team, reach out to a member of the Core team via any of the channels in the [Support](#support) section with a request.

### Creating a new 

> As the product grows, it will become more useful to further subdivide. This will enable the project to assign code coverage, streamline conversations, and create subject-matter-expertise where possible. If you have an idea for a new team, start a [GitHub Discussion](https://github.com/orgs/openfga/discussions) in order for the community to track it and gain alignment.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As the product grows, it will become more useful to further subdivide the teams. This will enable the project to assign code coverage, streamline conversations, and create subject-matter-expertise where possible. If you have an idea for a new team, start a [GitHub Discussion](https://github.com/orgs/openfga/discussions) in order for the community to track it and gain alignment.
```

## Governance-Related Policies and Procedures

Decisions regarding any of the processes or policies outlined in this Governance model are reached through consensus among the team members through a 66%+ supermajority unless otherwise expressly stated through the team's own processes.

Voting can be expressed through pull request review, leaving a comment, or through some other form of record - ideally permanent.

Teams are not required to have designated leaders. Teams may choose to designate a leader and define their role and responsibilities through a vote amongst the team.

### Amending the Governance Model

> Nothing here is set in stone. Please improve this document as necessary. Pull requests to this process (`GOVERNANCE.md`) will be reviewed by the **core** and @product teams.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Nothing here is set in stone. Please improve this document as necessary. Pull requests to this process (`GOVERNANCE.md`) will be reviewed by the @core and @product teams.
```

## Contributing

> We welcome contributions from the broader community! If you would like to contribute to OpenFGA, please review the [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/openfga/.github/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) file for instructions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We welcome contributions from the broader community! If you would like to contribute to OpenFGA, take a look at the [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/openfga/.github/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md) guide.
```
